.TH TFCB_LOG 1 LOCAL

.SH tfcb_log
tfcb_log - a tiny static blog generator including nice script handled features.

.SH SYNOPSIS
.B ./bin/make [option]
.br

.I option
.br

.B [" 
.I i w b t a ad am ai 
.B ..."]

.SH AVAILABILITY
tfcb_log is available and tested under *BSD, Linux (Gentoo-2.6.31), Mac OS X (10.7.3)

.SH DESCRIPTION
tfcb_log watches an inbox folder for incoming plain text files. if you put some content in there the files will be grabbed and enveloped to a date-sorted blog post structure. for each day a folder will created and symlinked to './latest' dir. an index.html and rss.xml output will saved in ./out 

.SH OPTIONS
options for the ``
.I ./bin/make
`` script

.TP 
i
.I (init) 
- initializes the entire blog structure.
.TP 
w
.I (watch) 
- activate the watched inbox folder.
.TP 
b
.I (build) 
- grab content within the inbox and generate blog post.
.TP 
t
.I (transfer) 
- transfers content from ``out'' dir via scp.
.TP 
a
.I (archive) 
- backup the ``posts'' folder (default = daily).
.TP 
ad
.I (archive) 
- same as ``a'' with daily t_stamp.
.TP 
am
.I (archive) 
- same as ``a'' with monthly t_stamp.
.TP 
ai
.I (archive) 
- do incremental backup of your ``posts'' folder.
.TP 
h
.I (help) 
- print help screen to stdout.

.SH EXAMPLES 
.br
Installation & processing example: 

.br
.B demo:tfcb_log$ cd src; make install clean init 
.br
.I ... (<y> ; <n>)
.br

.B demo:src$ echo "Hello, World." >> ../inbox/foo.txt 
.br
.B demo:src$ cd ../bin ; ./make b
.br
.I ... 

.SH NOTES
.I Note:
none of the executables (bin/make, genblog) is copied into /usr/bin, hence you have to browse to you install location and start the make script directly from the ``bin'' directory.
.br

.I !!! Please do not copy the executables into another place by yourself. It will screw the blog because of the symlink foo. !!! 
.br

In future versions a "fully-functional" installation is preferred.

.SH MESSAGES AND EXIT CALLS
The error-handling within the ``core'' generating process in done by the ``
.I panic()
`` function, which returns different opcodes, depending on the source of the error being dropped.

The opcode section is still under construction.

.SH SEE ALSO
You may check the 
.I "tbe.tex" 
file within the main directory for a detailed 
.br 
.B ``by example'' 
description of the thing, such as how to activate the watched inbox (in background) and change the blog-template, that'll be rendered. You may also want to take a look into the 
.I README 
file.

.SH BUGS
There is a known issue up to version 0.6.1 within the ``
.I *r_ftob()
`` calling functions. The returned (heap-allocated) buffers are _not_ gonna freed. For some strange reason the html output gets screwed, if they get freed correctly. 
.br

.I This is not confirmed as a security related issue (, yet).

There is a known issue up to version 0.6.1 within the ``
.I scandir()
`` calling functions that leads to unfreed memory blocks at the end of the program.  

.SH AUTHOR
Aautcsh, nosrv.org 
